.TH BACKUP 1 "FEB 2017" "Linux User Manuals"
.SH NAME
backup \- copy files and record packages
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B backup
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B backup
copies all recorded files into the specified directory.
It also creates a mapping of the names of copied files to where they are stored in the backup directory.
It records a list of files installed with \fBpacman\fR as well as the names of user installed packages.
The directory may also be compressed by the program.
.SH FILES
.B backup.conf
\- stores all configuration.
.PP
.B loading_bar.sh
\- a pretty loading bar to track the progress of the script at various stages.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.B backup.conf
contains the following variables for configuration.
.TP
.B BACKUP_DIR
Directory to save the files into.
.TP
.B PAC_LIST
The file that the pacman package names will be written to. 
.TP
.B USER_LIST
The file that the user package names will be written to.
These files are saved for the sake of knowing what extra packages to install.
Using \fBUSER_LIST\fR rather than backing up the actual installed programs is recommended for saving space.
.TP
.B FILES
An associative array of backup file names to original file names (the original file will be copied to the backup directory under the new name).
.TP
.B FILES_MAP
The name of the file that will record the FILES associative array (for restoration with the \fBrestore\fR command).
.TP
.B USER_PKGS
An array of packages installed by the user.
.TP
.B USE_COMPRESSION
A command which will determine whether the backup directory will be compressed; if it has a zero exit status it will be compressed. The most basic commands include \fBtrue\fR and \fBfalse\fR.
.TP
.B COMPRESSED_FILE
If the backup directory is compressed this is the file name it will be saved as (\fBtar\fR will choose a compression algorithm).
.SH SEE ALSO
.B pacman, restore

