.TH restore 1 "FEB 2017" "Linux User Manuals"
.SH NAME
restore \- restores files backed up with \fBbackup\fR.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B restore
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B restore
copies files from the backup directory to the file system.
.SH FILES
.B restore.conf
\- stores all configuration.
.PP
.B loading_bar.sh
\- a pretty loading bar to track the progress of the script at various stages.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.B restore.conf
contains the following variables for configuration.
.TP
.B BACKUP_DIR
Directory to save the files into.
.TP
.B PAC_LIST
The file that the pacman package names will be written to. 
.TP
.B USER_LIST
The file that the user package names will be written to.
These files are saved for the sake of knowing what extra packages to install.
Using \fBUSER_LIST\fR rather than backing up the actual installed programs is recommended for saving space.
.TP
.B CP_ARGS
An array of arguments passed to \fBcp\fR when copying a file from the backup directory to the filesystem.
.TP
.B FILES_MAP
The name of the file that will record the FILES associative array (for restoration with the \fBrestore\fR command).
.TP
.B USER_PKGS
An array of packages installed by the user.
.TP
.B USE_COMPRESSION
A command which will determine whether the backup directory will be compressed; if it has a zero exit status it will be compressed. The most basic commands include \fBtrue\fR and \fBfalse\fR.
.TP
.B COMPRESSED_FILE
If the backup directory is compressed this is the file name it will be saved as (\fBtar\fR will choose a compression algorithm).
.SH NOTES
.B restore
will not install packman packages or any packages from the user package list.
To install pacman packages from a file use the command \fBpacman -S - < PAC_LIST\fR, replacing \fBPAC_LIST\fR with the name of the list of pacman packages.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B paman, backup, cp
